update auth configuration for webApi for net6.0 (#92256)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/enable-authentication-web-api.md

using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer;
using Microsoft.Identity.Web;
```

> if targeting net 6.0, you will also need to peform two additional steps 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're targeting .NET 6.0, you need to perform two additional steps:
```

> 1. add an extra `using` declaration  to access `Configuration` properties 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add an extra `using` declaration to access `Configuration` properties: 
```

> ```csharp
> using ConfigurationManager = Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationManager;
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```csharp
  using ConfigurationManager = Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationManager;
  ```
```

> 2.  add the line below after `WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Just after `WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args)`, add the following line:
```

> ```csharp
> ConfigurationManager Configuration = builder.Configuration;
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```csharp
  ConfigurationManager Configuration = builder.Configuration;
  ```
```
